Yeah, I was.
Yes, to say guilty
That you let go
Hundred ethnic groups control the 12 gods, no matter which group
Can easily destroy your door
How dare you incriminate us?
Do you know what you did today?
Are you using your life to challenge my authority?
Here is our offering to that adult
It's us Dai
The highest worship for that lord
And you uncover it in advance
Boy, you really don't know how to live or die
Do you know
As long as we say a word, we can destroy your nine clans
Boy, I'm afraid you don't have hands
You open this.
What kind of regret do you have to bear?
Here today
I don't understand. No one's available.
Dare to correspond to the patriarchs who are so arrogant
No remorse
Wuhan doesn't need to entangle with him anymore
Take him down now
Yeah, talk to him
It's just playing the piano to a cow
I think he just wants to make things worse
Screw up the factory
Let the big guy take his anger at me
Take it out on you
Your posture is too high
plaintext
We are giving you a chance.
But you don't know how to cherish
Daughter-in-law, I told you a long time ago
It's not up to you to offend anyone here today.
You have to die and dare to go to fairy
Before the congratulatory gift, there was Nurse Xuan Que
But this is a feast
Who dares to protect you?
The situation of the families
Previously, he relied on having profound acupoints to become seedlings
Pretending to be the Qing army
Now to get my attention again
Deliberately overturned the congratulatory gift
This is a felony
Do not intrude
Boy, you actually stained the little third army
Hate our hearts
Then we are invincible against you
Do you know how long it took us to prepare him?
Didn't I spend a lot of effort? No matter how long it takes to prepare
As long as I'm not satisfied
Then it's useless
Humph
flashy stuff
To know what